--->TEXT FOR HOME PAGE
-------------------------------------------------------------------


<About us>

 GC health care is one of the largest integrated priate health care operating form last 40 years. We are the best known private cinic we have best in class patient experience with affordable health prices. GC clinic is a leading health care in dublin.
 To ensure a pleasant experience, GC is committed to deliver the highest quality of medical care and service to our patients. Our doctors and nurses are trained and assessed on standard operating protocols and procedures to ensure that the quality of the service provided to our patients is never compromised.

 <Best In Class HealthCare>

 We provide the best health care as we have the best doctors with high level of experience and best qualifications. We prioritize in providing best service to our customers as we understand the importance of health care and we believe in building and improving realtionships along with health care.The qualified and experienced Consultants at GC, naturally, are backed by investigative and treatment facilities such as, a well equipped laboratory capable of providing results almost immediately.GC well-stocked pharmacy is headed by a qualified and experienced pharmacist.

 <Our Doctors are qualified professionals>

 We have a great family of amazing doctors from all around the globe. They are qualified from the top universites with high level of experience on their respective field.

 -------------------------------------------------------------------------

---> TEXT FOR SERVICES


 <Cardic Care>
 At GC, not only consultations on cardiovascular disease prevention are available, we also take care of patients with cardiovascular disorders like:

Refractory hypertension
Lipid disorder
Diabetic heart disease
Pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease
Adult & pediatric congenital heart disease
Palpitation and arrhythmias
Heart failure
Valvular heart disease
Coronary atherosclerotic disease
Heart attack
We also offer post-cardiac surgery and pacemaker/defibrillator care.

<Eye Care>
GC provides a wide range of ophthalmology services and variety of comprehensive diagnosis and treatment of eye diseases.

Ophthalmology diagnosis and treatment range: General ophthalmic examination, such as: eyelid disease、conjunctival disease、orbital common eye diseases、cataracts, glaucoma, uveal disease, retinal disease、systemic diseases associated to ophthalmopathy，complex consultation for eye diseases and children's refractive error prevention and treatment，and strabismus and amblyopia treatment. Optometry services also include：RGP,OK lens fitting service，contact lens prescription and eye care guidance.

<Bone Care !!!Orthopedics is a suitable heading!!! >
At GC, the Orthopedics & Sports Medicine specialists offer comprehensive diagnosis and treatment for disorders of the musculoskeletal system in children and adults.

Some of the world's foremost specialists are on hand to provide tailor made recovery plans following injury, as well as comprehensive injury prevention advice. Common ailments include fractures, sprains, joint pain, tendonitis, and sports-related injuries.


<Regular Checkup>
Our regular health exams and tests can help find problems before they start. They also can help find problems early, when your chances for treatment and cure are better. By getting the right health services, screenings, and treatments, you are taking steps that help your chances for living a longer, healthier life. Your age, health and family history, lifestyle choices (i.e. what you eat, how active you are, whether you smoke), and other important factors impact what and how often you need healthcare.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

--->TEXT FOR RESOURCES

<Cardic care>
Cardic care is really important as it is the thing that can't wait.
As the center focus of cardiology, the heart has numerous anatomical features (e.g., atria, ventricles, heart valves) and numerous physiological features (e.g., systole, heart sounds, afterload) that have been encyclopedically documented for many centuries. Disorders of the heart lead to heart disease and cardiovascular disease and can lead to a significant number of deaths: cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death.The heart is a muscle that squeezes blood and functions like a pump. Each part of the heart is susceptible to failure or dysfunction and the heart can be divided into the mechanical and the electrical parts.

The electrical part of the heart is centered on the periodic contraction (squeezing) of the muscle cells that is caused by the cardiac pacemaker located in the sinoatrial node. The study of the electrical aspects is a sub-field of electrophysiology called cardiac electrophysiology and is epitomized with the electrocardiogram (ECG/EKG). The action potentials generated in the pacemaker propagate throughout the heart in a specific pattern. The system that carries this potential is called the electrical conduction system. Dysfunction of the electrical system manifests in many ways and may include Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome, ventricular fibrillation, and heart block.

The mechanical part of the heart is centered on the fluidic movement of blood and the functionality of the heart as a pump. The mechanical part is ultimately the purpose of the heart and many of the disorders of the heart disrupt the ability to move blood. Failure to move sufficient blood can result in failure in other organs and may result in death if severe. Heart failure is one condition in which the mechanical properties of the heart have failed or are failing, which means insufficient blood is being circulated.

<Oral Health>


Taking good care of your mouth, teeth and gums is a worthy goal in and of itself. Good oral and dental hygiene can help prevent bad breath, tooth decay and gum disease—and can help you keep your teeth as you get older.

Researchers are also discovering new reasons to brush and floss. A healthy mouth may help you ward off medical disorders. The flip side? An unhealthy mouth, especially if you have gum disease, may increase your risk of serious health problems such as heart attack, stroke, poorly controlled diabetes and preterm labor.

The case for good oral hygiene keeps getting stronger. Understand the importance of oral health — and its connection to your overall health.

<Eye Care>

Low vision and blindness have dire effects on individuals, families, and communities. These effects range from a decrease in quality of life and increased mortality to large-scale economic consequences. Culturally, there is often a stigma associated with blindness, further alienating the afflicted from their communities.(1) Social disadvantages are also enormous: 50% of the blind in impoverished countries report a loss of social standing and decision-making authority, and 80% of blind women note a loss of authority within their families.(2) Fortunately, there is hope that we can reverse these devastating impacts, as long as the medical community continues to increase access to surgery and care.

Routine eye exams are important — regardless of your age or your physical health.

During a comprehensive eye exam, your eye doctor does much more than just determine your prescription for eyeglasses or contact lenses. He or she will also check your eyes for common eye diseases, assess how your eyes work together as a team and evaluate your eyes as an indicator of your overall health.

Also, eye doctors often are the first health care professionals to detect chronic systemic diseases such as high blood pressure and diabetes.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------


